Today we make a classic
hunting weapon in front of the mouse 98 this weapon
in hunter testing is still very much today
like to be presented as examiner this
k 98 is a weapon of this system me
already well over 100 years old and has
whether at 50 degrees or 50 degrees
proven throughout the world
Riflescope in these weapons are very
often even a hag montanus school
hack assembly provided at the school
I just need this unit assembly
Pull back the lever and the riflescope
simply hanging upside down you hook
in front
with a little pressure is the weapon
again full of cyprus only arrested
at the school a hack montage one must
just this little pinch this dear
pull back and just that
riflescope from back to front
Lever
conversely we are stuck by the two for
Lock the mounting socket into the socket
with a firm hit this is
riflescope reassembled to load
this weapon is the chamber stalk
closed
You can pull it back quickly
you take the cartridges and put it
just with the thumb of the right or
here with the thumb of the left hand in
the zigzag magazine in the caliber
30.06 like this weapon here
we can present five cartridges
to introduce the magazine is to
Pay attention that the cartridges are correct
are pressed and no bullet far out
looking out of the magazine
We load the weapon in which you
chambers stems directly forward and
fire
now the weapon is loaded and
unlocked we secure the weapon in the
We follow this wing security
austrian far right outside we
now recognize that the choice for
secured by us stems the chambers
can not open the weapon anymore
Unsecure we just put this
wing on your left side
you see the chamber is stuck again
open bar and we could close
We secure the weapon by using this
Turn the wing to the right
one recognizes clearly the chamber
Stem is now open
that means the weapon is in one
absolutely secure condition i want the
Weapon must withdraw this wing after
be turned left
now the weapon is unlocked smaller
test one can go stingl again
when the weapon is loaded and me
you want to unload it at the 98th
a possibility that the water
safe and secure condition and
can be land by simply
this wing in this the vertical
go straight up
I can the chambers is angel now
safely open the water remains
secured
and i can get the ammo out
Leave a Comment
at 98 systems from the military still
were not changed remains the
kameraschwenk in the rear position
If the weapon is empty you are shot
must only in this thumb bend the
magazine live something down the
bring closure to the front and already
I can do it again as soon as I am
pull back locked that leaves everyone
Fix yourself by loving them
a little bit abschleift
I take out the lock at 98
I want to proceed as follows
In this wing , I put my thumb
slightly backwards more often the chambers stems
hold the wing and you the lock
out easily reverse it assumes,
easily pushed the magazine in again
and the lock is back
connected to the weapon
This weapon has a German
You can see cities near the German city of Steinen
always one has two deductions and the
The last trigger is for the weapon
To estimate the weapon is loaded and
I want to shoot over Stecher pull
I the rear trigger
You hear a soft click you see
also that the front trigger engaged
is and now the weapon is stabbed
I have the weapon unlocked jumps
now the piece wild and I want
a sting is a very
dangerous condition at 98 system
I only need this wing vertically
to put and easy in their attitude
pull the trigger
I can also do that quietly by myself
with the middle finger pulled the plug
leave and with the index finger both
deductions then go on land at the same time
once middle finger and index finger
solve the cities at the same time
weapon again met and secured
but you can also if the weapon
Sting is perpendicular to hold high
opening and pulling off the stem
There are several options you can see
but how complicated a German
Stark is and I hold him in the
modern weapons absolutely superfluous
or
even dangerous the 890 system is one
over 100 years proven system
about securing the word
I really deserve your assurance
no assurance that absolutely better
works like this system
latches securing the latches
is kept absolutely the industry holds
many innovations for the system 98
ready to get out of this 98 system
to make modern hunting weapon